Why don't we just
tell everybody the truth?
What, that POTUS was murdered?
And that his tablet
with government secrets
and God knows what else is missing,
and that we think the people
that built this place are covering it up?
I mean, I'd tune in.
Cal is dead and we're just moving on.
Going about our lives
as if nothing happened.
They're still doing
the goddamn carnival tomorrow!
I thought you had surveillance
cameras all over the place.
Don't worry so much.
If it comes down to it,
I'll deal with Robinson.
Why did you two shut down
the cameras the night of the murder?
We were playing Wii.
We realized if we shut down
the security system,
we could play his video games
and use his cool shit
and no one would really be
the worse off for it.
My God, you absolute idiots.
I have a message from the president.
He said if something should happen to him,
I should find you.
He said Billy Pace is dangerous.
Keep it movin', Billy.
Take the shot.
Goddammit.
Fuckin' worthless idiot of a nephew.
Never hesitate.
That's how they hear you comin'.
Good boy.
Hey.
No, you don't.
When somethin's no good...
...it has to go.
What the hell is the matter with you, boy?
I told you, never hesi--
Pace!
You're Pace, right?
Dude who killed his uncle?
Killed his uncle over a dog.
Stop!
-  You Billy Pace?
- Who's asking?
Your second chance.
Let's go.
I said let's go.
Gentlemen, you are here
because you are violent men.
Some of you plucked
from halfway houses and prisons.
Some of you are flameouts from the SEALs.
But where some might see
a pile of unredeemable fuck-ups,
I see opportunity.
I see mercenaries, people who fight wars
in parts of the world
where governments are too chickenshit
to send in their own militaries
for all kinds of shameful reasons
related to the pussification
of this entire fuckin' planet.
So, how does that sound?
Get paid handsomely to travel the world,
meet interesting people,
and fuckin' kill 'em.
Now, the man next to me
will be known to you as Bull.
He was about as unredeemable
a fuck-up as they come.
But now, he's a highly disciplined
killing machine,
and his mommy is so very, very proud.
So, who thinks they can take him?
I told you.
Bunch of fuckin' pussies.
Oh. Here we go, we got a buyer.
Billy the kid.
Alright, you'll go when I say--
Okay, so I know we're in a literal
world of shit with Robinson,
and I'm by no means unaware
of how deep that literal shit is.
- But Billy?
- Yeah?
I'm too excited to sleep.
'Cause of the carnival.
- The carnival, baby!
- Right.
Um, I didn't know what to wear,
but I brought options.
And you are picking.
Okay.
I have this one, or...
uh, this one.
Well, Jane, our little secret romance
goes right out the window
if you put any of those on,
'cause I'm not gonna be able
to keep my hands off you.
These outfits might be
slightly inappropriate,
but I can't control the thoughts
of a bunch of cave-dwelling pervs.
And besides...
Oh, shit.
Good morning to you as well.
My kids have no idea where I am.
Have they never stayed home alone?
When I work late.
But, uh, we have a system.
I always let Presley know beforehand.
Probably gonna wanna catch them
before they head to the carnival.
- Is that today?
- Mm-hmm.
That's insane.
The man isn't even in the ground yet,
and they're gonna throw a carnival
the day before his funeral.
- So...
Um... last night was-- it was really nice.
Stop it, I'll faint.
So, about what I, uh, said...
Yeah, um, that didn't track for me.
But, uh, I'll talk to him.
- Okay.
- Maybe I'll see you at the carnival.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Carnival, yeah.
-  I want Mom! Where is she?
-  She's coming, right?
-  All weapons...
- Motherfucker!
...and prohibited items
must be surrendered.
Have you talked to Mom?
Is she coming?
All weapons and prohibited items...
I want Mom!
That includes any outside electronics.
Stay calm and keep moving.
Make sure your wristband...
You will be scanned.
Step forward, please.
Wristbands.
Come on.
Collins, Xavier.
Two minors. Spouse, Teri Collins.
My wife... my wife didn't make the plane.
I'm sorry.
Do not lose your wristbands.
-  What are they doing?
-  Keep going, keep going.
-  We almost didn't make it.
- I need you to calm down.
Everybody is gone. Oh God!
[muffled] Whether you're cops,
soldiers, Secret Service,
or private security,
we are all here to do the same job:
provide stability.
Excuse me. Collins, right?
Billy Pace. They told me to come find you.
They want us to start securing the area,
get people inside of the residences.
What-- what residences?
I got no fuckin' clue, bro.
This way.
You can't just have
sugar cereal every day.
Yeah, I know the fake bacon is gross,
but you just gotta close your eyes,
and pretend it's the real thing.
Alright.
But, you can have cereal too,
if you promise to drink the milk.
Okay, I will.
Morning.
Did I misunderstand our system?
- I... um--
- 'Cause last I checked, we had a system.
I am...
Dad, if you're working the night shift,
you have to let me know.
Hey, I know. And, um, I am so sorry.
I just...
I screwed up.
Uh-huh. It's okay.
I know it's been a weird few days.
Here, gag on some fake bacon.
You'll feel better.
- We're going today, right?
- To the carnival?
- You know it, bud.
- I will meet you guys there later.
I am heading to the carnival
to help the band set up.
What band?
Just the one that's playing
at the carnival.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm just playing catch-up here.
Are you in a band?
No, it's Jeremy's band.
- Jeremy...?
- Bradford.
Wait, Cal's son?
I thought-- I thought
we didn't like this kid.
Jeez, Dad. He just lost his father.
We're just hanging out.
Alright, I'm out, boys. Love you both.
Love you more.
Enjoy...
-  I think it's hormones.
- Where'd you learn about that?
Oh.
- Dad, guess what?
- Hm?
I've made a huge decision,
and I think you're gonna like it.
I've decided I'm ready for that
Ferris wheel this year, the big one.
- Dad.
- Yeah, man, absolutely.
This is your year.
Hey, J, I gotta run and talk
to Uncle Billy real quick.
I'm gonna drop you off with
Carl and Lucy across the street.
Come back later, okay? Let's go.
One week down here,
and of all the weird shit I've seen,
the fact that they thought to make bars
is by far the fucking weirdest.
- Yeah.
- Fully stocked.
More booze down here
than Sandal's Jamaica.
Huh.
How can I help you guys?
Secret Service.
We're securing the area for the president
in case he wants to come by
after his speech.
"Securing the area."
Okay. Okay, yeah. Uh, sure.
Do what you gotta do.
Word is, Prezzo drinks
like a fuckin' fish.
- Agent Pace.
- He should see the cellar.
Must be two football fields'
worth of sauce down there.
Top-shelf stuff, too. You wanna see?
We're just acquainting ourselves
with entrances and exits.
Uh, then can I acquaint you
with three fingers of the finest bourbon
known to man?
- I'm your huckleberry.
- We're on duty.
Well, your loss.
Stuff went for thousands of dollars a pop
up above.
Hey, they give you a house?
They gave me a house.
It-- it's nice.
Mm, my wife went nuts.
Yeah, I got a house.
- Yeah?
-  Same.
Never had a house before.
I rarely slept indoors.
Come on, don't let me
drink the good shit alone, here.
I don't wanna be rude to this man.
- Go ahead.
- Okay.
To the end of the world.
Wow.
So what, are you like the world's
greatest bartender or something?
How'd you get this gig?
Well, my wife is one of the preeminent
atmospheric scientists in the world.
I guess they realized they were getting
two for the price of one,
me being a preeminent mixologist and all.
Just how drunk do you think
we'd have to get
to forget that we're inside a mountain?
- I'd sure as fuck like to find out.
- Yeah.
Come on. We gotta get him to the arena.
- They got a fuckin' arena.
- Yeah.
"Moving forward takes
incredible commitment and hard work.
We will act to lay a new--"
I'm good actually, thank you.
"Now begins the hard but necessary work
of moving into the future,
forging a new path."
"Forging a new path."
Does that sound like me?
Is that even remotely what people
wanna hear right now?
Sounds fine, sir.
Scary new guy, what do you think?
Is this the right vibe for this situation?
It's okay, you can speak freely.
What do you think people
need to hear right now?
Honestly, sir, this whole situation's
majorly fucked up.
- Pace.
- Not a virgin, Xavier.
It's okay. Continue.
It's just, everything up there's gone.
This shit's not normal.
I think it might mean a lot to people
to hear their president say so.
Sir.
I like that. I like him.
Yep, okay.
Thanks for the advice, sir.
I don't know about you, but I'd fuck him.
You sure you're up for this?
Yeah, yeah. No, I'm-- I'm, uh...
I'm fine. I just, uh...
I remember how much my dad
loved this carnival, you know.
Reminding everyone
that there can be joy down here
like there was up there.
Whatever he used to say. But, um...
it just feels wrong, you know?
Playing crappy '80s songs
and going on cheesy rides
and fucking around.
- Especially after--
- You're not fucking around.
You're making music for people.
People who live in a cave.
And you're giving them joy and shit.
- Joy and shit?
- Hey, joy and shit's not nothing.
Don't underestimate joy and shit.
It is pretty fucking weird though.
Boss. What are you doing here?
Jane, hey.
I was, uh, just dealing
with some paperwork
before the carnival.
Oh yeah, you and me both.
Jane, I know you're close with Billy.
I know you're... really close.
What? No, I mean, we're friends but--
Jane.
Have you noticed him seeming a little off?
Not really.
I mean, maybe he's been
a little distracted,
and he's usually way more
excited about the carnival.
Right?
You wouldn't suspect that about him,
being that into kiddie rides,
and cotton candy, and stuff.
He's a complicated man.
I mean, if you're into that kind of thing.
Anyway, it's a holiday.
- Go celebrate.
- Yes.
- I'll see you there.
- Alright.
The Hemingway daiquiri,
my two-month specialty cocktail.
The real deal.
Be careful, gentlemen.
Those things will put you under the table.
They can put 'em back, babe.
You'd be impressed.
I'm a hard girl to impress.
Don't I know it.
You good, boss?
Yeah.
Two months.
We've been down here
for two months, Billy.
It's, uh, normalizing.
Mm.
I think it's the normal stuff
that makes me the most sad.
A bartender kissing his wife,
drink at a bar with a friend.
And for a second, I forget.
I forget what I've lost.
- You called me friend.
- Oh, fuck you.
I don't know, man.
That world, the old one...
it just started kicking the shit out of me
at a pretty young age.
And so, I guess I just started
kicking the shit out of it right back.
And there's some things that I've seen, X,
some things that I've done that...
I don't know if you'd be sitting
here with me if you knew.
And so, I don't wanna sound
like an asshole, but...
everything down here that's good
and everything down here that's normal...
just kinda makes me feel normal.
Just makes me feel good.
Just never had any of that
in the old world
that kicked my ass
before it taught me the alphabet.
Never had a drink with a friend at a bar.
Just couldn't find one.
- No bars in your town?
-  Yes, exactly.
You should come over sometime.
Meet the kids,
have dinner with the family.
You know, since we're officially--
- Best friends?
- I didn't say "best."
- You kind of did with your face though.
- Oh.
What do I wear?
I brought Pinot
'cause it sounded the funniest.
You look insane.
Hey, kids.
Got someone for you to meet.
Oh, fuck.
They're smaller than I thought they'd be.
- Sorry.
- Uh-huh. This is Billy.
He's never seen children before.
That's-- that's not true.
Hey, nice to meet you guys.
I'm-- I'm Billy.
I'm your dad's new best friend.
So, you can call me Uncle Billy
if you want, or-- or not.
This is going well, I think.
I kinda regret dropping down
to one knee, but here we are.
This is a song by a band
that my dad loved called Poison.
Um... "Greatest ballad of all time."
His words, not mine.
So, uh...
...thanks to a
good friend for pushing me to do this.
♪ We both lie close together ♪
♪ In the dead of night ♪
♪ Although we both lie silently still ♪
♪ We feel miles apart inside ♪
♪ Was it something I said
or something I did ♪
♪ Did my words not come out right ♪
♪ Though I tried not to hurt you ♪
♪ Though I tried,
but I guess that's why they say ♪
♪ That every rose has its thorn ♪
Okay, help me put this list
in order of importance.
- Okay.
- Eat funnel cake...
- Yeah.
- ...ride the rides,
and get matching fake tattoos.
Oh, and sparklers.
You know what?
Sparklers come at the end of the day.
We can save that for later
once it gets dark.
You love this shit, huh?
So do you, don't play.
- Mm-hmm.
-  We need to talk.
Just you, Pace,
not your video game partner.
- What, here?
- No, on the moon.
The fuck are you wearing?
My carnival outfit?
I'm off duty.
Your pal Xavier's on Sinatra's radar now.
It's not a radar you wanna be on.
Let's go.
I mean, it's just a Ferris wheel.
It's gotta be one
of the safest rides there is.
Definitely.
Just statistically speaking,
those idiots twirling all around
in that spinning thing
are in a much more
dangerous situation, right?
Hey, man, let me know if you
see your Uncle Billy, okay?
You know what, actually, bud?
Let's-- let's go this way.
Wait, right to it?
No warm-up ride?
No candy apple?
I-- I really think I should go pee first.
I-- I definitely should go number one
before we hit the ride, Dad.
Mm-hmm.
Dad, I seriously have to go the bath...
-  Dad!
- Yeah?
- Come on, let's go to the bathroom.
- Let's go, let's go. Come on, come on.
Hey, what's up?
I was looking for your dad.
Who's the asshole?
You want me to break his arm?
It's the president's kid, isn't it?
With the annoying hair?
- His hair isn't annoying.
- Oh, it so is.
How'd you notice?
Mm, because noticing things
is what I do for a living.
And besides, you two couldn't
be more obvious if you tried.
Oh yeah, like you and Jane
aren't so obvious.
You noticed?
Noticing things is what I do for a living.
Okay, don't be an asshole.
Alright, you like this kid?
- Yeah.
- And he likes you?
I don't know, I feel like
I'm just stuck in the friend zone.
Of course, he does. Presley, look at me.
So, one night,
Jane and I were on duty together,
and it's like 3:30 in the morning.
- Mario Kart?
- Wii Punch-Out.
This was before you started
coming over for game night,
which, by the way,
is not a secret anymore,
and I'm kind of in deep shit,
so don't say anything to your dad.
Anyway, a ways back, me and Jane,
playing Wii Punch-Out,
and things started to get
kind of intense, you know?
Like physical.
And I've been
with women before, obviously,
in the way that men can get
with women, if you--
- Dude.
- Okay, sorry.
But I never once in my entire life
told a woman that I like her.
So, there we are,
and we're playing Punch-Out.
And I just said, fuck it.
The world blew up.
What am I scared of, right?
So, I said, "Look, babe,
I think you like me,
"and I think I like you.
In fact, you knock me out."
And that was that.
"You knock me out"?
Yeah, 'cause we were playing Punch-Out,
so that's just what came out.
You know what? Shut up, it worked.
The point is,
go tell the douchebag you like him.
Never hesitate. Shoot your shot.
Oh, shit!
You see that?
I was just doing that to be cool,
but I fuckin' nailed it.
Thanks, man.
Hey, the offer to break his arm
is still on the table.
Appreciate it.
Hey, you seen your dad?
- No.
- Alright.
Uh, maybe we should
hit the dump tank first.
My math teacher's in there,
so I'm motivated.
James, the time has come
to face your fears.
I promise I'll be with you
every step of the way, okay?
Oh, she's headed right over.
- Doct-- Gabriela, hey.
- Hi.
How are you? It's nice to see you.
Mm-hmm.
I was looking for you. Um...
Alright, just breathe, buddy,
you got this.
-  Hi.
- Hi.
James, this is my friend, Gabriela.
- Gabriela, this is James.
- It's a pleasure, James.
It's a pleasure, Gabriela.
Give us a sec, bud.
Uh, listen,
last night was great.
Better than great, actually.
- But I'm not in a place where--
- Okay, let me just stop you right there,
because if this gets any more romantic,
my heart won't go on.
Last night was great,
and maybe we'll do it again sometime,
or maybe not.
But I was gonna ask
if you've had a chance to talk to him.
Um, not yet.
- I'm trying.
- You could try harder.
I just saw him in the funnel cake line.
Hey, Gabriela's gonna stay with you
for a minute, okay, J?
- I promise, I'll be quick.
- I'm in zero rush.
Mr. President,
you're becoming a regular here.
You should at least allow us
to secure the area.
It's month three in an underground city
with no weapons.
Someone gonna flick me to death
with a cocktail straw?
Oh, Jesus Christ,
it's so depressing.
I mean, you think some people
would be happy we made it.
Hey, scary Billy Pace,
what's up everyone's ass?
No idea, sir.
Personally, I'm happy as a pig in shit.
He's not, though.
He lost someone.
Ready for another drink, Mr. President?
Yeah, you know what?
Why don't you just keep 'em coming
till I say stop?
Wait, you work for me, don't you?
You're one of the scientists.
It's my husband's bar.
Help out when it gets busy.
Well, that is really goddamn sweet.
That's exactly what
I'm talking about right there.
So, that's it then?
Everyone lost someone, no way to fix it?
Hmm?
It's the not knowing, sir.
The not knowing?
You talking about up there?
'Cause we know. Trust me, we know.
I mean, you say it's all gone, but we--
Billy, it is gone.
We have no communication, it's all fried.
Any gauge readings show
limited signs of viable life, at best.
Anything that's left out there is fighting
to survive, desperate and starving.
Yeah, but could people have survived?
Could somebody's somebody
be okay up there?
It's the not knowing.
Which is what I fuckin' said.
The not knowing.
[on TV] Six months ago,
our lives changed forever.
All major communication
with the surface was lost,
and any meager information
we've been able to obtain
tells us the world outside
is simply no longer survivable.
And yet, I know each and every one of us
has this voice in our heads,
saying, "Maybe."
That's why we're sending
these four brave explorers
into the unknown to assess it,
to get answers, and bring them
safely back to us.
Now, they may not tell us
what we wanna hear,
but you have my word as your president,
it will be the truth.
I owe you nothing less.
You think they'll find anything?
I mean, like, people?
I don't know, baby.
- You have to stop.
- Not here.
You gotta stop.
- These people are not playing.
- What people?
- Sinatra?
- Listen to me,
I need you to trust me on this.
You need to back the fuck off
like right now.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Come on.
You're sitting in a dark room
and you're reading up on me.
- Cut the shit, okay?
- Oh, you want me to cut the shit?
Why'd you tell me you were at work
when you were still at home?
- When?
- This morning.
You know-- fuck it.
Jane was over, and I didn't want you
to know we're together.
You think I don't know?
Billy, it couldn't be more obvious.
Wait, how the fuck do you know
what I was doing this morning?
What are you, staking me out?
Did you stop the security cameras
the night of the murder?
I explained this to Robinson already, man.
Jane and I--
What the fuck did you do, Billy?
Did you kill him?
Did you fucking kill him?
Who put you up to it?
Are you seriously
asking me that right now?
- Fuck you.
- He told people
to watch out for you, Billy,
right before he was killed.
- So, just tell me the truth.
- How do you even think that about me?
I took you in, man.
I brought you into my home
and I know nothing about you.
- I let you around my kids, man.
- Your kids--
your kids are my fuckin' world, man!
I'm following 'em around,
making sure nobody gets anywhere near 'em.
Jesus Christ, X,
you guys are the only thing
in this fuckin' place
that fuckin' matters to me.
You know that! Fuck this!
Going down, going down!
How'd it go?
It's not him.
Xavier, I know it's hard to admit
- that a friend--
- It's not him.
So, why would Cal tell me that it was?
I don't know.
It's pretty empty tonight.
One of the slowest nights
of the year.
All those families out there
acting all... carnivally.
It's gotta be a tough day for you.
Well, every day's a tough day without her.
I begged her not to go.
Fuckin' suicide mission.
But she had to see what was out there.
She had to see for herself
and everybody else.
"There's no stopping her."
That's what I told everyone.
Found some other fool
to take her damn spot.
I should have stopped her.
I gotta go.
Close you out?
Yeah, put it on the platinum card.
Will do.
They need to know.
It's not what we thought. There's life.
The air. You can breathe--
I've done everything
you've ever asked of me.
I know, you have.
I was starting over, I had a new life,
and you sent me out there.
Sent me out there to kill those people,
keep everybody scared,
so they'd give up hope of ever leaving.
You're spinning, Billy.
Come on now, sit down.
This isn't the life I planned for myself.
I ran an internet company, cloud storage.
Took pottery classes on the weekends.
I made an ashtray, used to put
my wedding ring in it at night.
I don't know if you noticed,
but it's not exactly
the Ritz up there, Billy.
Conditions, even if
they're technically livable,
they're not hospitable.
And by not hospitable,
I mean a third world planet
where anyone left is most definitely
tearing each other apart
for the scarcest of resources right now.
The best place to be, if you want anything
remotely resembling
a decent life on Earth,
is right here...
where we are.
And that's worth protecting.
These people are worth protecting.
And that's why folks like you and me
are forced to do the hard thing sometimes.
You didn't do shit. You sent me.
But you're the monster.
I'm not a monster, Billy.
I promise.
I'm a wife.
I'm a mom.
Have I ever told you
what happened with my son?
I don't give a fuck what happened
to your son.
I didn't ask any questions.
I didn't cause you any problems.
But you're gonna leave
Xavier Collins be...
or we're gonna have a problem.
- Is that so?
- That's so.
Okay, so...
just making sure I'm getting this.
You're giving me orders now?
Yeah, that's right.
That's odd though,
because last time I checked,
giving orders was my job, not yours.
Do you wanna know
what your job is, William Pace?
Juvenile delinquent, convicted murderer.
Highly paid mercenary.
You're a killer.
That's all you are.
That's all you have to offer the world.
It's all you've ever had to offer.
And it's all you offer
to me now down here.
That's why you were spared.
One of the 25,000 people
lucky enough to be spared,
and then protected by me.
So, you're gonna shut the fuck up,
and you're gonna apologize
for marching in here
without an appointment.
And then, you're gonna wait
for the next time
I tell you I need someone dead.
Or I'm gonna take away every good thing
you mistakenly think
you've earned down here.
I'll take it all away.
Hm.
I'll take her away, Billy.
And I'll do it without so much
as blinking an eye.
I don't know
what you did to the president.
I don't wanna know.
But Xavier and the kids?
That's my family.
Do not fuck with them.
You think you're the only person here
who knows how to shoot a gun?
You think you're the only killer
I brought down here just in case?
You gonna send somebody for me?
You better make sure
it's the biggest motherfucker you got.
Alright, slim, show me something.
You're going left, you're going right.
- Ah. Ahh! Close.
-  Ohh!
- Almost.
-  Oh. So close.
So...
Looks like you got a new friend, huh?
And here he goes again.
I could say the same for you.
Guess things are changing, yeah?
Yeah.
-  Yes!
- Well, we can't only be sad forever.
Can't we try?
Haven't we been?
Hey, Uncle Billy, watch this.
Make it rain, baby.
- Yeah!
-  That's what I'm talking about.
Alright, guys, got something for you.
Yeah, alright.
-  Look at that.
- Alright, here you go.
And don't tell your dad.
Whoa-ho-ho.
Here, man, take one of these.
I'm good. Save it for the kids.
No, take one. Come talk to me.
-  Here we go.
-  J...
...A-M...
I didn't kill the prez, man,
you gotta believe that.
I do.
But...
there's some things
you should know about me,
about the things I've done that...
I think might have to do
with what happened to our guy.
- What things, man?
- Just listen, man.
I've seen some shit in my fucked-up life,
and I've met some of the scariest bastards
you could ever not wanna meet.
But this Sinatra, she's a killer, X.
Cold-blooded.
- And I done some things.
-  One, two...
- I've done some things for her.
-  Three!
- Billy, what?
-  Uh-oh, mine's about to stop!
No! No!
Look, tomorrow, okay?
I'll tell you everything, I swear to God.
I just... if it's okay with you...
just wanna be Uncle Billy
just one more night.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Thanks, man.
-  Hey, Uncle Billy.
Yeah.
Thanks for the advice earlier.
Ohh.
- How'd it go?
- I shot my shot.
I knew you would, shooter.
- Mm, mm, mm!
- I'm proud of you.
Hey, man, what kind of terrible advice
you giving my daughter?
Oh man, nothing. No, I was just--
I was telling her
about that friend of ours.
- What friend is that?
- You know, that one lady.
Um, what was her name?
- Hm?
- From the Christmas party.
Wasn't it Nunya?
- Wasn't it Nunya?
- I think it was.
-  What was her name?
- What was--
Nunya, sweetest lady,
bakes those nice pies.
Oh, that's right. Nunya Business.
Hey, I love you guys.
Love you too!
-  Happy carnival!
-  Give me that ball, bruh.
Hit me, hit me.
Yeah!
Babe, I'm home.
Hey.
I know today didn't go
how you wanted it to.
We didn't get fake tattoos.
We didn't do any rides.
We didn't even get a single sparkler.
God, I am so easy to please.
All those years of my parents
denying me affection
really worked out well for you, huh?
I'm grateful to them every single day.
♪ We feel miles apart inside ♪
- You gonna finish that?
- No, all you.
Sweet.
Oh my God, what a fucking day.
♪ Though I tried not to hurt you,
though I tried ♪
Not a holiday for me, man.
I can tell you that much.
-  Throw it to me. Throw it to me!
-  Alright, go.
- Let's go!
- Yeah! Superman!
I did get to give Presley
some good advice though on that.
It just feels important
'cause she's growing up so...
♪ It's a sad, sad song ♪
Let me see it.
Ohh!
♪ I listen to our favorite song
playing on the radio ♪
♪ Hear the DJ say love's a game ♪
♪ Of easy come and easy go ♪
♪ But I wonder does he know ♪
♪ Has he ever felt like this ♪
♪ And I know
that you'd be here right now ♪
♪ If I coulda let you know somehow ♪
♪ I know I could have saved
a love that night ♪
You told her to send
the biggest motherfucker she had.
♪ Instead of making love ♪
I'm it, baby.
♪ We made our separate ways ♪
♪ And now I hear you found somebody new ♪
♪ And that I never meant
that much to you ♪
♪ To hear that tears me up inside ♪
♪ And to see you cuts me
like a knife, I guess ♪
♪ Every rose has its thorn ♪
♪ Just like every night has its dawn ♪
♪ Just like every cowboy ♪
♪ Sings a sad, sad song ♪
♪ Every rose has its thorn ♪